Add contributing guidelines and PR template (#122)
newrelic/newrelic-azure-functions: README.md

Contributions to improve newrelic-azure-functions are encouraged! Keep in mind when you submit your pull request, you'll need to sign the CLA via the click-through using CLA-Assistant. You only have to sign the CLA one time per project.
To execute our corporate CLA, which is required if your contribution is on behalf of a company, or if you have any questions, please drop us an email at open-source@newrelic.com.

Here are some general guidelines

> 1. PR owners would follow the code review process and standards team has established.
> 1. Thorough testing must be done by PR owners to ensure new feature works and no regressions.
> 1. Add/Update any applicable tests as part of PR.
> 1. Breakdown PRs into multiple PRs if needed to reduce chances of breaking changes.

Reviewer: Modify list to be 1, 2, 3, 4. Also, some extra suggestions:
```suggestion
1. PR owners should follow the code review process and standards team has established.
2. Thorough testing must be done by PR owners to ensure the new feature works and has no regressions.
3. Add/Update any applicable tests as part of the PR.
4. Breakdown PRs into multiple PRs if needed to reduce chances of breaking changes. If you intend to do some code refactoring and code functionalities, definitely submit each one in a separate PR.
```

Author: 1. this is markdown, so it would render fine, we don't need to add 1,2,3,4.
2. For #4 point, I would probably rephrase the second sentence as `Specifically, refactoring efforts and new feature implementations should always be submitted as distinct PRs.`
